docs: introduces versioning & migration guide (#36)
algolia/docsearch-website: docs/styling.mdx

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> DocSearch v3 comes with 2 default color scheme. One for the light mode and one
> for the dark mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DocSearch v3 comes with two default color themes: light mode and dark mode.
```
